[EuiSearchBar] Allow phrases with leading and trailing spaces (#5514)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

## [`main`](https://github.com/elastic/eui/tree/main)

> **Bug fixes**
> 
> - Fixed `EuiSearchBar` to allow phrases with leading and trailing spaces ([#5514](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5514))

Author: ```suggestion
**Breaking changes**

- Changed `EuiSearchBar` to preserve phrases with leading and trailing spaces instead of dropping surrounding whitespace ([#5514](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5514))
```

**Breaking changes**

- Changed `EuiSearchBar` to preserve phrases with leading and trailing spaces, instead of dropping surrounding whitespace ([#5514](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5514))

> 
> **Breaking changes**
> 

Author: haha derp this is what I get for not trying to swap local
```suggestion
```
